If you plan to use categorical variables with linear regression,
oftentimes you should convert those variables into
a set of numbers called dummy variables.
For instance, the World Bank Project data contains
the total amount of money associated with each project.
You want to use a linear regression model to predict
how much money a new project proposal will receive.
You could use the project theme as one of your model features.
Say that there are only five themes: agriculture, roads, banking,
retail, and government, and each project is only associated with one theme.
You'll have to convert the theme categories in the numbers.
For each category, you'll create a new feature,
filling in a one if the row contains that value,
or a zero if it doesn't contain that value.
Agriculture will become one feature,
roads another feature, banking another, and finally retail.
You only need four features not five.
If agriculture, roads, banking,
and retail are all zero,
then you have enough information to know that government is equal to one.
In this example, the first row would be
1,0,0,0 to indicate that row one has an agriculture value.
Row two would be 0,0,1,0 to indicate that the project covers retail.
The third row would be 0,0,0,0 to represent government.
Next, you'll practice creating dummy variables.